Make `state_topic` optional for MQTT device_tracker and improve examples (#27482)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/device_tracker.mqtt.markdown

  required: false
  type: template
json_attributes_topic:

>   description: "The MQTT topic subscribed to receive a JSON dictionary message and then set as device_tracker attributes. If the attributes in the JSON message include `longitude`, `latitude` and optional `gps_accuracy` and if the device tracker is within a configured [zone](/integrations/zone/), they can be used to set the location of the device tracker, then configuring `state_topic` is not required. Be aware that any location message received at `state_topic` will override the location received via `json_attributes_topic` until a message configured with `payload_reset` is received at `state_topic`. A more generic usage example for the use of `json_attributes_topic` can be found in [MQTT sensor](/integrations/sensor.mqtt/#json-attributes-topic-configuration) documentation."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: "The MQTT topic subscribed to receive a JSON dictionary message containing device tracker attributes. 
  This topic can be used to set the location of the device tracker under the following conditions: 
    * If the attributes in the JSON message include `longitude`, `latitude`, and `gps_accuracy` (optional).
    * If the device tracker is within a configured [zone](/integrations/zone/). 
    If these conditions are met, it is not required to configure `state_topic`. Be aware that any location message received at `state_topic`  overrides the location received via `json_attributes_topic` until a message configured with `payload_reset` is received at `state_topic`. For a more generic usage example of the `json_attributes_topic`, refer to the [MQTT sensor](/integrations/sensor.mqtt/#json-attributes-topic-configuration) documentation."
```
I tried to break up that long sentence a bit to make it easier to read.

  required: false
  type: string
state_topic:

>   description: The MQTT topic subscribed to receive device tracker state changes, or to reset the state override when a message configured with `payload_reset` is received. Can only be omitted if only `json_attributes_topic` is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: The MQTT topic subscribed to receive device tracker state changes. The states defined in `state_topic` override the location states defined by the `json_attributes_topic`. This state override is turned inactive if the `state_topic` receives a message containing `payload_reset`. The `state_topic` can only be omitted if `json_attributes_topic` is used.
```
